any tiny budget standards of some of the
Giants it's area hat Tonioli is just
saying this goalkeeper the elder
statesman is picked off by davide Sam
John new arrival
you're saying that sometimes that's what
you need just to hold a bad run of
losses just to grind out a drawer - it
sounds on here loan signing forms in
Milan there's a chance to get some real
playing time for to seyne up to put you
figure out what exactly when you shake
as a look immediately see this man
Christian Michele was outside in there
he goes he pulls the bulbs that you've
seen the fans will be keeping their eyes
off
the Hernandez done Wow Rolo out the far
side if you're in road semen hairs they
get it back hip it as bangle a little
unlucky here good players in it nice
movement in behind there too thick
doesn't concern its own half of space
there's no way in these areas that can
cost you sometimes if your own position
could break away attacked by the
full-back from the other side is exactly
the same in Reverse
zooni go with a neck same John for a
lull pink balls giving away trying to
force through there but now just keep in
possession being patient with it happily
in the Bible for them
ya know getting a bit of a tangle
it's on here
maybe struggling at their own club as
they come to choose a neuron loan to get
experience playing in the top flight
were hearing our daddy they son Akio
he's arrived on his run to perfection
that's better
again Christian match up right at the
top they're still in this at one nil
very few opportunities but of course you
can't count them out of that score line
maybe that's making that play a little
nervous in their general football
because again it has have been great in
the second half Torino very little I
just expect a little bit more from that
two substitutes combined hear very well
Cavani does initially some good work
there he goes the Menai mascara makes
her running behind and that is an
excellent boy you know because it's got
a kind of pull that ball from behind his
body to get it into the center into the
danger zone the boat's bubbling around
everywhere there's got to get around
that ball it's Maggio